Updated options and synced v2.7.1 and v2.8.0 files (#467)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.8.0/docs/query/pqs-user-guide.rst

|               | *Offset Management*, *Querying Patterns*, *Advanced |
|               | Querying Topics* sections.                          |
+---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

> | `2023-09-18`_ | Documentation updated.  Updated command line        |
> |               | options and added information about using           |
> |               | ``--pipeline-filter`` option.                       |
> +---------------+-----------------------------------------------------+

Reviewer: Same suggestion as for 2.7.1:
```suggestion
| `2023-09-18`_ | Documentation updated. Updated command line        |
|               | options and added information about using the          |
|               | ``--pipeline-parties`` option.                       |
```

Reviewer: And same note as for 2.7.1: I changed it to --pipeline-parties rather than --pipeline-filter. Is that correct?

Reviewer: (Changed it back to --pipeline-filter)

Scribe will obtain tokens from the Authorization Server on startup, and it will reauthenticate before the token expires. If Scribe fails authorization, it will terminate with an error for the service orchestration infrastructure to respond appropriately.

> If you are unauthenticated then you will need to supply the Party(s) you wish to include in your PQS since there is no 'user' to connect your list of ``readAs`` Party's with.   The ``-pipeline-parties`` argument is used for this and it acts as a filter that restricts the data to that visible to the supplied list of party identifiers.  ``--pipeline-parties`` allows you to filter that down to a subset of the accessible parties. An example is ``--pipeline-parties Alice::12209942561b94adc057995f9ffca5a0b974953e72ba25e0eb158e05c801149639b9``.  If there is more than one party, then list all of the full party identifiers in a comma-separated list.

Reviewer: Same suggestion as for 2.7.1:

```suggestion
If you are not authenticated, there is no user to connect to a list of ``readAs`` parties, so you must specify the parties using the ``-pipeline-parties`` argument. This argument acts as a filter, restricting the data to only what's visible to the supplied list of party identifiers. To specify multiple parties, provide the party identifiers in a comma-separated list. Example: ``--pipeline-parties Alice::12209942561b94adc057995f9ffca5a0b974953e72ba25e0eb158e05c801149639b9``
```

A Daml transaction is a collection of events that take effect on the
ledger atomically. However it needs to be noted that for performance
reasons these transactions are written to the datastore *in parallel*,

> and while the datastore is written to in a purely append-only fashion,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and although the datastore is written to in a purely append-only fashion,
```
